nobody knows why the tag Aryans first
came to the island of Dragonstone old
Valyria was then at the height of its
power and the center of the civilized
world which ended at the Narrow Sea
Westeros was a filthy backwater with
seven kings squabbling over borders and
minor glories so much for progress the
island itself was and is nothing it had
no gold or gems to love illyrian
nobility all that is rock mostly a shiny
black stone too brittle for war and too
sharp for building the Targaryen scald
it dragonglass
I call it useless but the Targaryen
managed to raise a castle here
simpletons claim they used ancient
Valyrian sorcery forgetting that the
Targaryen brought a small army with them
from Essos there's no magic in strong
backs though admittedly the castle is
unlike any in Westeros foreign and
strange if the Targaryen never regretted
their barren outpost and longed for the
comforts of home the doom made their
folly permanent Valyria collapsed into
the waves and was no more to look east
was to see the ruin of their homeland
the greatest civilization before or
since but to look west as Aegon realized
was to see a fertile land ripe for
conquest perhaps even a new Valyria
though good for little else Dragonstone
was the perfect staging point for
Aegon's invasion of Westeros the
Blackwater Bay granted easy access to
the continent the lands there were
disputed by Three Kingdoms the reach the
Iron Islands and Stormlands but their
capitals were far enough away that none
could mount a force before Aegon got a
foothold even if their kings had been
able to stop bickering over whose
problem he was
then it was too late Aegon had chosen
his first camp well with the bay to the
east the river to the south and open
fields to the north and west his army
would be impossible to take by surprise
a perfect site for an invasion and one
day his capital city King's Landing the
doom had taught the Targaryen 's the
prudence of Refuge after the conquest
Dragonstone became the seat of the crown
prince and heir to the Iron Throne
it would serve them well and me ill 300
years later after my brother Robert
Baratheon rebelled against the Iron
Throne and the Lannisters slaughtered
the Mad King Aerys and his royal family
Robert dispatched me to deal with the
last surviving together and children but
before I arrived a loyal Knight smuggled
them across the Narrow Sea to safety
hatred for the Targaryen blinded Robert
unjustly I was blamed and strict of our
families castle of storms end and given
Dragonstone in its stead over the years
whenever I demanded my rights restored
Robert would remind me of the islands
royal pedigree and pretend he was doing
me honour as if I were one of his tavern
girls to be so easily deceived and
dismissed but Robert is dead and I
Stannis Baratheon and the rightful king
of Westeros let the user purrs and
traitors sit on the Iron Throne from
Dragonstone I will be the dagger at
their throat
you